Engraving work Lantis and the best of fashion games
Muso series is a collaboration of miracle in playstation 3
Great adventure with friends
Dynamic go Yzak President action video in the simple operation of the Warriors series unique
It is
ani
car
Always go wild here
Die or De'
Relive episodes of impressions Main log mode
An incomparable sense of exorbitant stage that defeats flocking enemies
And steal the gimmick-packed adventure politics and make use of your language ability
During capture
glay
Let's publish our house
Battle with the formidable enemy and prevent the Nakasu Do by The Way Forward
Take the trailer movie team forward
I've caught up
me
goo
I will not come to the line world I think I can live
rar
Another log mode where you can enjoy the battle of friends
corn
I was waiting ana
Yes here at the end of the fucking restaurant ana
ran
Yeah yeah yeah
me
Be careful about your health
Entered this Ya' in Hoo
ana
Nice little has entered Satoshi Kotobuki
Mito where I'm not there just because I received you 7 months
eh
May I show you
Hole saw scam peugeot
A variety of systems to spit the path Tsukai
You can call a partner to fight together and get strong support
Akabane Store
In addition , you can grow your favorite character with coins collected on the stage
Sakura sunny 3 is one sitting those thousand out of
Overwhelming visual expression of incompetent action and playstation 3
An example is
Many of the famous scenes
This stage will be a new legend
And
The story I get back the ace also proceed
To the high tide
wh
Life is ah
4 me 2
playstation 3 Teisu dedicated software version
Pirate Muso
March 1 release
Limited edition professional Jaja box also released at that time